hi guys it's robby a stem 327 and today
i have a new t14 glitch for you guys it
does do with the nether portal as you
can see and basically it is really an
awesome glitch if you guys want to use
it so basically how you want to do it is
you want to build another portal and
basically you build another nether
portal just like this wait sorry you
have to have it up born and have it up
one and look just like this or like that
silence I'm just gonna get rid of the
corners just because okay so basically
what you want to do is you want to light
one end or you can see the 1i it takes a
while to work okay so there's one
now this one's too it's too high hopes I
came in but another boil to ease okay so
let's try this again BAM okay so
basically this is the glitch you can
make to nether portals right next to
each other and have this middle open
spot not show anything and its really
really awesome and cool and I hope you
guys enjoy this tu14 nether portal click
if you guys use it please leave a
comment in the comment section and tell
me because I really appreciate it I
wanna know what you guys think of this
glitch it's really nice seems pretty
cool do and I want to know what you guys
think of it so please leave me like
Conlan always if you haven't yet
subscribed this is rarely stem 327 I'll
catch you guys later in the next video
bye